[CLT-1451] Add local storage as option for tracking consent (#141)
treasure-data/td-js-sdk: README.md

* **config.globalIdCookie** : String (optional) - cookie td_globalid name. Default: `_td_global`
* **config.startInSignedMode** : Boolean (optional) - Tell the SDK to default to Signed Mode if no choice is already made. Default: `false`
* **config.jsonpTimeout** : Number (optional) - JSONP timeout (in milliseconds) Default: `10000`

> * **config.storeConsentByLocalStorage** : Boolean (optional) - Tell the SDK to use localStorage to store globalId. Default: `false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **config.storeConsentByLocalStorage** : Boolean (optional) - Tell the SDK to use localStorage to store user consent. Default: `false`
```
